S175 initial version (#1)
Worklytics/terraform-aws-worklytics: README.md

# Terraform AWS Worklytics 

A collection of Terraform submodules to support the Worklytics Tenant API using Amazon Web Services (AWS) resources.

- [Tenant API: authentication via AWS Cognito](modules/cognito_tenant_api_auth)
- [Tenant API: create a Psoxy Connection](modules/psoxy_connection)

The main use-case for these submodules is to create [Psoxy Connections] in Worklytics via its [Tenant API]. 

After a successful Psoxy deployment (Data Source fully configured, Psoxy instance tested and running), the last step

> should be to create the actual connection in the [Data Sources] section of the Worklytics Web App. These submodules
> provide a way to automate this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should be to create the actual connection in the [Data Sources] section of the Worklytics Web App, either manually following the instructions in the TO-DO files, or automatically with a script that is produced by these sub-modules.
```
not totally sold on this... what do you think?

See the [examples/create_psoxy_connections] example for a complete usage example.

[Psoxy Connections]: https://docs.worklytics.com/psoxy

> [Tenant API]: https://docs.worklytics.com/knowledge-base/tenant-api

Author: This doesn't exit yet; but I will create a placeholder soon
